Dear Student,

I'm happy to announce that you've managed to get **3.0** out of 3 points for this assignment.

There still exist some issues that should be addressed before the deadline: **2023-04-25 23:50:00 CEST (+0200)**. For further details, please refer to the following list:

<details><summary>Cppcheck znalazł potencjalne błędy (to narzędzie może się pomylić)</summary>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/position.h:10:5: warning: Struct 'Position' has a constructor with 1 argument that is not explicit. [noExplicitConstructor]<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Position(unsigned x={}, unsigned y={}): x_(x), y_(y)<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/enemy.cpp:12:0: warning: The function 'lifePercent' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>float Enemy::lifePercent() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/enemy.cpp:16:0: warning: The function 'decreaseLife' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Enemy::decreaseLife(int damage) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:10:0: warning: The function 'signum' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>inline auto signum(int x)<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:58:0: warning: The function 'update' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Engine::update()<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:75:0: warning: The function 'movePlayerUp' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Engine::movePlayerUp()<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:81:0: warning: The function 'movePlayerDown' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Engine::movePlayerDown()<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:87:0: warning: The function 'movePlayerLeft' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Engine::movePlayerLeft()<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:92:0: warning: The function 'movePlayerRight' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Engine::movePlayerRight()<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:98:0: warning: The function 'playerShoots' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Engine::playerShoots()<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:106:0: warning: The function 'playerPosition' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>Position Engine::playerPosition() const<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:112:0: warning: The function 'playerDirection' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>Direction Engine::playerDirection() const<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/engine.cpp:118:0: warning: The function 'isPlayerAlieve' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>bool Engine::isPlayerAlieve() const<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/object.cpp:3:0: warning: The function 'type' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>ObjectType Object::type() const{<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/object.cpp:11:0: warning: The function 'setPosition' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Object::setPosition(Position new_pos) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/stage.cpp:10:0: warning: The function 'get' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>std::shared_ptr<Object> Stage::get(Position position)<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/stage.cpp:16:0: warning: The function 'set' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Stage::set(std::shared_ptr<Object> object, Position position)<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpcuv0is9t/student/lab3inheritance/stage.cpp:22:0: warning: The function 'isInside' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>bool Stage::isInside(Position position) const<br>^<br></details>

-----------
I remain your faithful servant\
_Bobot_